hey guys another update yeah I made one
yesterday but it was getting stuck all
the time so yeah I'm making it so here
you can see my custom 80 RT so yeah it's
pretty cool i like the legs and yeah the
body is pretty nice so yes not really
good focus here but you can see it so
yeah pretty nice a TI t so this is
mostly about those rings so here i'm
making the raw am so only up seven guys
right now and a problem is I only have
two brown horses and I need a lot more
actually but yeah I'm getting a few more
I tree but not much because everyone is
giving me black and white horses but I
need brown ones actually so yeah but
yeah this is basically what it is I am
making these custom green cage because
they have been capes and Lego capes Lego
green capes they are like there is one
store that has a lot of them but they
are like four years each and that's like
one clone trooper 1 episode 3 clown
joker so yeah so I'm making custom cakes
and I have a lot more to make so yeah
you can see my horses so I think I have
24 yeah I have 24 verses so I need to
make a lot more of these here are some
other guys that are working on for
whatever and but I need more because
there are 24 horses and I don't have 11
of these sources so need some more of
these but I'm getting a few more and
yeah so yeah it's I like these guys like
me and here is my orc army so far
and I think are 38 orcs right now but
I'm not sure so yeah a quick look I like
this guy right here such a shame that
focuses so bad on these guys if you look
good you can see like Darth Vader hats
here and talk mall heads and yeah disk
on radiohead's here you have Yoda and
bit yeah and I also made some custom
hats but don't think you can see it you
just one yeah it's not glue but it's
better than playing playing their hat
sir and this one but yeah so yeah it's
not i I'm like i think i'm going to make
the scene in well well on the pelennor
fields or when the room is charging at
the orcs the form of ministerial so i
need a lot more orcs so yeah it's going
to be hard to get more well i need at
least 50 i think so yeah dad but yeah
it's good enough so far and yeah and
here is my episode 3 army so far 90
shocktroopers that's really nice and
three of deep guys and I needed the
hands for the Rohirrim so yeah four of
these guys dies first weekend troopers
that's really nice because they are cool
for those six in record troopers and I
use one I needed the body because this
is my sig fig for Flickr group so yeah
it's yeah and here are my god Orion
warriors and I needed to of the helmets
from every room but I have to get some
more because when my room is Rho Hyrum
is finished I will they were like 32 24
of them so I need a lot more of those
helmets but yeah a lot of God a lot of
people have them so i will get some more
and here are some Italian Rangers this
one is supposed to be firmer but it
doesn't really look like it or watch the
focus a bit but yeah you can see it
Anakin episode 3 body qui-gon jinn hat
and docked in hair but yeah but nice
thing about these guys is they all have
to say to ourselves so yeah I really
like that and I also got this this set
except vs shuttle yeah I'm not really a
big fan of it yeah but maybe I will
treat the figures because I don't really
need them and there are some guys that
want to did so yeah I could get some
more girlfriend stuff as you can see
here I'm working on the second version
of skill yet so it's now movie accurate
you have the boats tree three boats
statue search exceeds still working
progress because I have a lot more light
gray to make more I like this building
right here let's like holes in floor a
lot of battle damage but yeah so that's
it so far for that and the year I have
both rings extended tradition really
nice I love it so yeah what else
that's it I think so yeah please keep
subscribing for my stars fans I will
make more sour stuff so yeah please
don't obscure and subscribe if you like
offerings because my episode 3 army is
still growing so yeah still I will alone
make some more marks for Star Wars so
yeah so yeah that's it please subscribe
like and comment bye